---
layout: post
title:  "Tech TV"
date:   2015-09-12 00:00:00
categories: project
image: /images/projects/techtv/techtv-main.jpg

images:

  - url: /images/projects/techtv/techtv-1.jpg
    alt: Tech TV Homepage
    title: Tech TV Homepage

  - url: /images/projects/techtv/techtv-2.jpg
    alt: Tech TV Package Selection Page
    title: Tech TV Package Selection Page

  - url: /images/projects/techtv/techtv-3.jpg
    alt: Tech TV Login Details Page
    title: Tech TV Login Details Page

  - url: /images/projects/techtv/techtv-4.jpg
    alt: Tech TV Account Page
    title: Tech TV Account Page

---
<p>Date: May 2014</p>
<p>Briefing: The design and implementation of a whitelabel commerce platform was required for customisation and rebranding for client projects. The platform enables television broadcasters to receive payment for subscription content.</p>
<p></p>
<p>As part of the front end solution the team developed responsive single 足page applications for customers and service 足agents. Their implementation included user authentication and subscription management and sophisticated multi足page form entry for setting足 up subscriptions.</p>
<p>The header could be branded according to clients requirements and brand guide lines.</p>
<p>The Homepage had subscription areas to input details to subscribe to service 
or login for previous subscribers and there was also a login area at the top right corner. The hero image, could be branded depending on channels brand guidelines or content requirements. Package Selection Page had a 'step-by-step' guide with section location and highlight. Each section had the name and description of content available on each package and a info button with 
dropdown content. There was a Login page with input areas for clients details. And an Account page, with three dropdown menus for 'Personal' and 'Subscription Details' and 'Devices Management', with ability to add or remove up to three devices per package.</p>

